good hey what is up guys with the waiter
and today I got a little different video
voy guys this time I actually got a mod
for you and for me not for all of you
guys but only for the people where they
flashed ps3 or xbox 360 so for example
jpg or Archie AIDS or an XK console
there is a link in the description what
takes you to a sideway can download the
files to fly to your phone again it
doesn't matter if you have your ps3 or
xbox it just has to be flashed else this
won't work with the I click on the link
and click on your console and eventually
a firewall pooper you need this file in
order to get to your photo flyer the
steps are shown above the download link
so yeah that speaks for itself if
something isn't clear guys just PM me or
leave a comment I will do my best to
help you guys out seriously I'm sorry
this mod isn't available for everyone
but yeah I just wanted to make a video
about it so that people will got the
flash console can enjoy the school new
month I tried to upload more glitches
tips and tricks and others from now on
since the Easter eggs in gt5 are getting
to adapt and so yeah don't hate on me
please i just want to keep you guys
entertained and updated with all new so
yeah I still output easter egg related
videos but maybe not as much as before
but yeah i hope everyone will understand
this but yeah i hope you enjoyed the
video the game plays a bit longer so i
let the song play for a bit if you
enjoyed please leave a like on the video
and also feel free to subscribe to my
channel and follow my twitter if you
don't invest any gt5 company i'm a gas
line
moose
you